> ### **1 minute read &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;`Intermediate`**

___

**Below is the list of default contact variables which can be used without defining it explicitly.**

## Default variables

Values for below variables are by default updated when contact is created in the system.

- `**name**` -  Can access the value of it in flow, referencing it by `@contact.name`
- `**phone**` - Can access the value of it in flow, referencing it by `@contact.phone`
- `**id**` - Can access the value of it in flow, referencing it by`@contact.id`

Below variable values will be updated once the user provides the response in the flow.

- **language** - Can access the value of it in flow by `@contact.language`

- **gender** - Can access the gender of the contact (Female/Male/Other) in a flow by referencing it with `@contact.gender`

- **status** - Can access the WhatsApp connection status of a contact in a flow by referencing it with `@contact.status`

  _Values_:

  1) processing – Status is being verified.

  2) valid – Contact is active and reachable.

  3) invalid – Contact number is incorrect or unreachable.

  4) blocked – Contact has blocked the number.

  5) failed – Message delivery failed.


- **optin status** - Can access the opt-in status of a contact in a flow by referencing it with`@contact.optin_status`

- **optin time** - Can access the contact's opt-in time in a flow by referencing it with `@contact.optin_time`

- **optout time** - Can access the contact's opt-out time in a flow by referencing it with `@contact.optout_time`

- **optin method** - Can access the mode of opt-in for a contact in a flow by referencing it with`@contact.optin_method`

- **bsp status** - Can access the Gupshup status of the current session in a flow by referencing it with `@contact.bsp_status`

    _Values:_

  1) none – No active session.

  2) session – Active session is ongoing.

  3) session_and_hsm – Active session with HSM (High-Structured Message).

  4) hsm – Only HSM messages are allowed.


- **contact fields** Can access the custom field values of a contact in a flow `@contact.fields`

- **list profiles** - Can access all available profiles of a contact (all contact profiles of a user) in a flow by referencing them with `@contact.list_profiles`

- **in groups** - Can access the list of collections a contact is a member of in a flow by referencing it with `@contact.in_groups`

- **active profile id** - Can access the active profile ID of a contact in a flow by referencing it with`@contact.active_profile_id`

- **last message** - Can access the last inbound message time of a contact in a flow by referencing it with`@contact.last_message_at`

